Updating data viz topics (#405)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/bullet-graph.md

## Bullet Graph Demo

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges@2x-2.png 2x" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
```

Reviewer: Isn't it better to use Infragistics' name in all the sample images instead of Facebook

Author: This is the example for which we have the data. I don't know what the revenue of Infragistics is, not I think it's ok to put it out there. The Facebook's is accessible online by everyone. Also I haven't seen any of our competitors use their name in their samples, so that's why I made it with Facebook, even though it's a sample also used in the UI Kit.

Reviewer 2: Yes let's keep it as is, I will close this comment

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges@2x-2.png 2x" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2@2x.png 2x" />
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_two_ranges.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_two_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_four_ranges.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_four_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

## Ticks and Values

Ticks and Values are also configurable. The two types of ticks: Ticks and Minor Ticks can be hidden by setting their color to `Transparent`. The default Values 0,10,20 etc. up to 100 can be adjusted according to one's needs.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_values.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_values@2x.png 2x" />

## Styling

The Bullet Graph comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling a selection of brushes including Value Brush, Target Value Brush, Tick Brush, Minor Tick Brush, and a collection of Range Brushes.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_styling.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_styling@2x.png 2x" />

## Usage

> When creating data visualizations and information dashboards pick carefully between Bullet Graph and Linear Gauge depending on whether your scenario has a target value or not. Keep in mind that both Graphs and Gauges only show the current value and have no way to display historical values, if your application scenario requires such display, you should consider using the Line or Column charts. To create an easy to the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Value and Target Value Brushes that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating data visualizations and information dashboards pick carefully between Bullet Graph and Linear Gauge depending on whether your scenario has a target value or not. Keep in mind that both Graphs and Gauges only show the current value and have no way to display historical values, if your application scenario requires such display, you should consider using the Line or Column charts. To create an easy on the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Value and Target Value Brushes that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret.
```

## Bullet Graph Demo

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges@2x-2.png 2x" />

## Title and Subtitle

> The Bullet Graph has a Title and Subtitle whose text can be changed. They can also be hidden if they are not needed by setting them to No symbol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bullet Graph has a Title and Subtitle whose text can be changed. They can also be hidden if they are not needed by setting them to ~No Symbol.
```

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_title-off.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_title-off@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer 2: This one is still pending :)

## Legend

> The Bullet Graph comes with a Legend that can be adjusted to match the selected Series Amount. Legend items can be removed by setting the corresponding Series to No symbol or added by finding it in the Overrides/Charts/Legend/Serie. Also there you can change the icon type between Square, Line or Circle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bullet Graph comes with a Legend that can be adjusted to match the selected Series Amount. Legend items can be removed by setting the corresponding Series to ~No Symbol or added by finding it in the Overrides/Charts/Legend/Serie. Also there you can change the icon type between Square, Line or Circle.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_legend.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_legend@2x.png 2x" />

## Tooltip

> The Bullet Graph comes with an override for the tooltip visibility. Setting in to No Symbol hides it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bullet Graph comes with a tooltip that may be hidden by setting the override to ~No Symbol.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_tooltip-off.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_tooltip-off@2x.png 2x" />

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_tooltip-on.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_tooltip-on@2x.png" 2x/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_tooltip-on.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_tooltip-on@2x.png 2x" />
```

## Ranges Amount

The Bullet Graph comes with three preset range configurations: **two**, three, and four ranges.

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_two_ranges.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_two_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer 2: Here in the images show only the range portions

Author: I am not sure what do you mean about this change. Can you please elaborate?

Reviewer 2: Three images that would look like this in the final document
<img width="550" alt="Screenshot 2021-01-15 at 11 00 18" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1702064/104704140-f1aaba80-5720-11eb-86d0-d152fadfc73c.png">

Reviewer 2: Ignore the dark background, I made a screenshot but I think you will get my point

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges@2x-2.png 2x" />
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_four_ranges.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_four_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

## Ticks and Values

> The Ticks and Values can also be changed. There are two types of ticks - Ticks and Minor Ticks. Their color can be changed and by setting it to Transparent they can be hidden. The Values 0 to 100 can be rewritten and by placing a "Spacebar" on their value they can also be hidden.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ticks and Values are also configurable. The two types of ticks: Ticks and Minor Ticks can be hidden by setting their color to `Transparent`. The default Values 0,10,20 etc. up to 100 can be changed as well.
```

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_ticks.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_ticks@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer 2: this image is not really necessary

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_values.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_values@2x.png 2x" />

## Styling

> The Bullet Graph comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling the range of brushes including: Value Brush, Target Value Brush, Tick Brush, Minor Tick Brush, and a collection of Range Brushes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bullet Graph comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling a selection of brushes including Value Brush, Target Value Brush, Tick Brush, Minor Tick Brush, and a collection of Range Brushes.
```

## Bullet Graph Demo

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges-2.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_three_ranges@2x-2.png 2x" />
```

| Do                                                                                       | Don't                                                                                        |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_do.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_do@2x.png 2x" /> | <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/bullet_graph_dont.png" srcset="../images/bullet_graph_dont@2x.png 2x" /> |

> 

Reviewer 2: Use the template for do and don't image from other topics
